updated contributing, ran script to add authors (added @su-vikas), fixed MD errors (#1533)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: README.md

Contributors are added to the acknowledgements table based on their contributions logged by GitHub. The list of names is sorted by the number of lines added. Authors are categorized as follows:

> - Project Leader / Author: Manage development of the guide continuously and write a large amount of new content. Project Leadership will require a clean sheet if it comes to following up the Code of Conduct.

Reviewer: What about this?

```suggestion
- Project Leader / Author: Manage development of the guide continuously and write a large amount of new content. Project Leadership cannot be achieved if any violations of the Code of Conduct occurred in the past.
```
